[docs] Document overlay ports/triplets in `vcpkg-configuration.json` (#27172)
microsoft/vcpkg: docs/users/manifests.md

  }
}
```

### `"vcpkg-configuration"`

Allows to embed vcpkg configuration properties inside the `vcpkg.json` file. Everything inside

> the `vcpkg-configuration` property is treated as if was defined in a `vcpkg-configuration.json` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `vcpkg-configuration` property is treated as if it were defined in a `vcpkg-configuration.json` file. 
```

See the [`vcpkg-configuration.json` documentation](registries.md) for details.

Having a `vcpkg-configuration` defined in `vcpkg.json` while also having a `vcpkg-configuration.json` 
file is not allowed and will result in the vcpkg command terminating with an error message.

#### Example:

```json
  "name": "test",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "dependencies": [ "beison", "zlib" ],
  "vcpkg-configuration": {
    "registries": [
      {
        "kind": "git",
        "baseline": "dacf4de488094a384ca2c202b923ccc097956e0c",
        "repository": "https://github.com/northwindtraders/vcpkg-registry",
        "packages": [ "beicode", "beison" ]
      }
    ],
    "overlay-ports": [ "./my-ports/fmt", 

>                        "c:/project/team-ports"

Reviewer 2: I think it is a very bad example to use absolute paths here.

Author: What do you mean bad example? We support absolute paths

Reviewer 3: While we can accept and function with absolute paths, they pose a huge problem for the vast majority of projects which are intended to work on any machine besides the original developer (because they won't work :) ).

99.99% of users of this feature should be using relative paths within the same git repo.
